hi friends, I want to make you a
comparison on two filter brands
Power filter high flow rate
recognized prestige within the market
There are many brands to see about the
we work on motorcycles, others do not
we work but mainly to
we like mind street is worth it
English brand of recognized prestige
perhaps of the pioneers in this world
of the power air filters and
another the dna that a Greek filter is worth
the few Greeks are working
right now unfortunately and with much
quality also important things to have
into account in a filter filter that has
good rubbers so that the
then assemble the filter housing is
good street voucher also incorporates
an assembly grease is worth for
facilitate what is what is assembly
the things the director has is for
example in the fat chain grease
of assembly that has to have fallen
or we miss it for the finite and we
help not to facilitate the time of
disassemble the filter mainly
because there are filters that do not have are not
filters with covers for example the r 1200
gs from 2004 to 2000
12 if I remember correctly the filter as
We carry on one side and the filter has
to roll through some guides
then in these filters is a
wonder because this fat also makes
of lubricant to be able to put it well and
that joined and then we do not have shots
of air at the time of riding it
I already commented on high flow filters
as much of enea as street of quite
quality there is another brand that we work
what is bmc but good
there are many brands of centers and really
they do not have why the good ones
we always sell to observe that
the profiles are not too hard for the
good assembly and then the filter then
have a suitable cotton and a mesh
ideal filters of very high quality
filters where it comes to guarantee filters
for life and what's in the guarantee
for a million miles
so that I could really do the
kilometers that you want the filter is
supposed to last for as long as
five motorcycles ok see you later